Improve description about `supportedPaymentFlows` behavior (#1177)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/webhooks/synchronous-events/stored-payment-method.mdx

Below are the possible `supportedPaymentFlows` values and their explanations:

- `INTERACTIVE` - When the user needs to be present to prove the ownership of the payment method (instead of, for example, a subscription-based payment which does not require user interaction).

:::warning

> If the `supportedPaymentFlows` field is an empty array, the payment method will not be available for the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no default payment flow. If the `supportedPaymentFlows` list is empty, the payment method will not be returned.
```
